Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here.
Beforewe start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to explain a 2015 Japanese
Horror movie called Corpse Party.
The story starts in a classroom
where Naomi andSatoshi are clearing up after
their last evercultural festival with the other five students.
Suddenly, a thunder causes a power cut.
Ayumi,the class representative lights up a candle
andasks them to do a ritual called
Sachiko Ever After so they will stay friends forever.
She tells afolklore story about their school.
It used to bean elementary school where an infirmary nurse
was found dead and three students were kidnapped.
Two of them were found dead with missing tongues
and the last one is still missing to this day.
The missing student's name is Sachiko.
Allof a sudden, their teacher opens the door,surprising them.
Yuka, who is Satoshi’s little sister, also comes to bring him an umbrella.
All 9 of them decide to do the ritual together.
They say an incantation then
rip the human dollpaper together.
They keep those ripped paper as a token of their eternal friendship.
But notlong after that, the building begins shaking and they fall into a hole.
When they awake, theyrealize that they are not at their school anymore.
They can’t open any window or door.
The teacherbusts open the classroom door
and they explore that unknown school.
On the first floor, theygo to the staff room where
they find out that they are at Tenjin Elementary School.
They finda manuscript that explains about the ritual.
Those involved get lost in a
dimension separated from ours,
which is the Tenjin Elementary where
children in the serial murder occurred.
They hear a noise outside the room, sothe teacher
goes outside to take a lookbut she sees no one outside.
Suddenly, ascary man with a hammer bashes her head,instantly killing her.
All of them freakout and scatter away.
Satoshi runs awaywith his sister Yuka.
She wants to go to thetoilet, but not long
after she goes inside, Satoshi hears her scream.
When he goes inside,he can not find his sister anywhere.
Instead, he finds a bloody little boy, not
long after that, he also disappears.
Naomi and Seiko go to the infirmary room
because Naomi hurts her leg when they run away.
When Naomi falls asleep, Seiko looks at
her closely.
She has a feeling for her,but Naomi already has a feeling for Satoshi.
Whenshe realizes that Naomi’s student book is missing,
she leaves her alone in the infirmaryroom to look for it.
When Naomi wakes up,she finds herself alone.
She tries to walk butshe falls.
She finds a pendant on the floor, but not long after that
a bloody little girlappears, so she runs away from the room.
She meets Seiko outside but she is mad and
says mean things to her, making Seiko leaveher alone.
Just after that, she hears a voice
telling her to die which makes her faint.
When Naomi wakes up, she finds Seiko dead, hanging
on a rope in a toilet stall.
She sits in a corner,contemplating what's happened.
Satoshifinds her and carries her on his back.
Ayumi and Yoshiki go to the school reference room
to look for more clues about what is going on.
She finds out that the school janitor is likely
to be one of the perpetrators of the murder.
When they look at his picture, it turns out to
be the one who killed their teacher earlier.
Ayumi finds that there is a reverse incantation
to escape the ritual but the page about it ismissing.
Ayumi and Yoshiki walk to the janitor's
room to search for more clues.
On the way there, Ayumi finds Naomi’s missing student book.
Ayumiand Yoshiki find Mayu talking with 2 children.
Yoshiki tries to grab her away from them, but the children
drag her away and throw her againsta wall, gruesomely killing her.
They run to thejanitor's room where they
find a tape about theschool's paranormal activity.
They also find ajar full of tounges, which
they think are thetounges of the murder victims.
They thenrush to the staff room to play the tape.
Sakutaro is separated alone, he finds a dead body
splattered to the wall which he finds exciting.
But when he realizes that it is the dead body of
Mayu, he freaks out and becomes crazy.
Yuka meets him but she is frightened by him.
She runs awayand hides.
He chases her but the janitor catches him and kills him.
Yuka is silently hiding,but she is so scared that she wets herself.
A little girl suddenly appears
and tells Yuka to follow her.
Ayumi and Yoshiki are reunited with
Naomi and Satoshi at the staff room.
They watch the tape together.
The tape containsa video about the manuscript writer
they found earlier, trying to do the reverse incantationbut failed.
They find the lost page about thereverse incantation,
where it tells themto put back the ripped
piece of paper and chant the reverse incantation.
It also tellsthem to not use other debris as their paper.
Naomi lost hers when her student book fell.
Ayumi found it but for some reason, she keeps quiet about it.
She feels jealous of Naomi andSatoshi's relationship.
She then rips a randompaper and gives it to Naomi,
telling her thatit’s Mayu’s paper.
They then decide to put backthe victim’s tongue to give them peace.
But Naomiand Satoshi split with them to search for Yuka.
Ayumi and Yoshiki go to the music room to give
back the victim’s tongue.
When they succeed,the victim tells them that the
real perpetratorof the murders was Sachiko, not the janitor.
Yuka is hiding with the unknown little girlthat helped
her, which turns out to be Sachiko,in the principal room.
She tells Yukato sleep for a while.
When she wakes up,Sachiko ties her with a rope.
She stabsher with an umbrella and cuts her tongue.
Ayumi finds her and brings her away whileSachiko laughs.
The janitor comes andcrushes Yoshiki, but just before he dies, hesuccessfully pierces him with an iron bar.
Naomi is separated from Satoshi when they
chase Sachiko.
She goes to a screening roomwhere she finds CCTV footage.
It turns out thatshe is the one that unconsciously killed Seiko.
She doesn’t remember any of it, but Seiko forgives
her.
She sees on the CCTV that Satoshi needs help and rushes there to help.
When Sachiko is goingto stab them, she suddenly disappears.
A pendant that Naomi picked in the infirmary protects them.
It gives her vision that the dead infirmary nurse was Sachiko’s mother.
They both were killed bythe school principal.
He and the janitor thencut her tongue, which started this curse.
Theygo to the basement where Sachiko’s remains lie.
They all4 reunite in the basement.
When Naomi triesto touch Sachiko’s
remains, she wakes up and strangles Satoshi.
He beats her with a rock, but
unconsciously, he beats her own sister instead.
Naomi gives Sachiko her mom’s
pendant, making her calm and relieved.
The building is suddenlyshaking vigorously,
they run away to do thereverse incantation ritual.
They hold handstogether and chant the reverse incantation.
Justafter that, they come back to the real world.
But since one of the papers was fake, only Ayumi
and Naomi make out alive, holding Satoshi’s hand.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.